NLP Assignment:

Objective:
Automatically generate ojbective questions with multiple correct answers based on a given chapter form a subject.

To generate mca questions we need Large Language Moddel to understand the text and generate the questions.
I tried 3 methods to generate questions.

1.Open AI-gpt-3.5-turbo
2.Google Palm PAI - text-bison
3.Google Chat PAI - text-bison

MODEL : In all 3 models given passage is sent to the LLM models with given specific conditiion(mca question answer type).
        Example:
	current_question = [{"role": "system", "content": """You are an AI assitant tasked with generating multiple-choice questions (MCQs) by reading the given context. 
	Each MCQ should have 4 options in which 2 options must be the answer for that question and 2 options are unrelated to the question. 
	Your goal is to ensure that the incorrect options appear plausible enough to challenge the test-takers' understanding and reasoning abilities. 
	At the end of each question, please include a tag labeled 'Answers:' followed by the correct answer options for that particular question.
        Generate the Multiple Choice question as per Given Example format.
    	Each questions must have two answers.
    Example:
    Question 1: Which of the following planets in our solar system have rings?
    A) Mercury
    B) Venus
    C) Saturn
    D) Mars
    Correct Answers: C) Saturn and D) Mars
    Multiple-choice-questions: """ },

Model 1: Open AI-gpt-3.5-turbo

	In open AI token numbers are limited so i approached the content by splitting it to 2 or 3 chunks. 
	Then run the model . after running the generated questions are listed togeather.
	Example:
	Question 1: Who was the last powerful Mughal ruler?
	A) Bahadur Shah Zafar
	B) Aurangzeb
	C) Alivardi Khan
	D) Sirajuddaulah
	Answers: B) Aurangzeb and A) Bahadur Shah Zafar

Model 2 :Google Palm PAI - text-bison 
	
	Goole palm has 8000 token limit . our content has less then 8000 tokens. so here no need for splitting the content.
	In this model also i applied same conditions. 
	Output:
	Example:
	1. The East India Company was transformed from a trading company to a territorial colonial power because:',
 	'(a) it was able to defeat the Marathas.',
	 '(b) it was able to defeat the Mughals.',
 	'(c) it was able to defeat the Sikhs.',
	 '(d) all of the above.',

Model 3 :Google Chat PAI - text-bison

	Google Chant PAI is similar to Google Palm PAI. so i follwed the same instructions.
	output:
	Example:
	1. The East India Company was granted a charter by Queen Elizabeth I in:
    	 * 1600
   	 * 1651
   	 * 1757
    	 * 1765

Conclusion:

All the 3 models the Open ai-GPT-3.5 Turbo model given the best output. 







